everything that was asked of us we've
done every night relaying a filthy
foxhole prey the enemy won't slit our
throats every day was spent crawling
through the mud in that dirt our bullets
whistle all around but this is the last
time we're gonna have to put our lives
at war this is the enemy's last thing
when we take shuri castle we go vote all
of us word is main force pulled back to
the north ridge but I want everyone
ready to fight
there it is booth get to it double time
watch the grass watch the tree watch any
gameplay photo could be waiting our
planes bomb the shit out of the place
they'll be back as soon as that refueled
and rearmed for now it's just us this is
all we got
share it out
this way Chet take aim
open fire
hold your fire
bastards children you sons of bitches
made it we did it it's over everything
that was asked of us we've done every
night relaying a filthy foxhole training
the enemy won't just let our throats
every day was spent crawling through the
mud and the dirt bullets whistle all
around this is the enemy's last stand
when we take Shuri Castle we go home all
of us